LTX-2.x Community License Agreement
License date: August 11, 2026
By downloading, using, accessing or distributing any portion or
element of LTX-2.x, you agree that you have read and accepted to be
bound by this Agreement.
1. Definitions
1.1 "Agreement" means the terms and conditions for this LTX-2.x
Community License Agreement and the exhibits, attachments, and
Complementary Materials, as specified in this document.
1.2 "Complementary Materials" means the accompanying
documentation, tutorials, examples, configuration files and
other materials made available by Licensor together with the
LTX-2.x model weights and parameters, in each case as
distributed by Licensor.
1.3 "Control" means the direct or indirect ownership of more than
fifty percent (50%) of the voting securities or other
ownership interests, or the power to direct the management and
policies of such Entity through voting rights, contract, or
otherwise.
1.4 "Data" means a collection of information and/or content
extracted from the dataset used with LTX-2.x, including to
train, pretrain, or otherwise evaluate LTX-2.x. The Data is
not licensed under this Agreement.
1.5 "Derivatives of LTX-2.x" means all modifications to LTX-2.x,
works based on LTX-2.x, or any other model which is created or
initialized by transfer of patterns of the weights,
parameters, activations or output of LTX-2.x, to the other
model, in order to cause the other model to perform similarly
to LTX-2.x, including - but not limited to - distillation
methods entailing the use of intermediate data representations
or methods based on the generation of synthetic data by
LTX-2.x for training the other model. For clarity, Derivatives
of LTX-2.x include: (i) any fine-tuned or adapted weights,
parameters, or checkpoints derived from LTX-2.x; (ii)
derivative model architectures that incorporate or are based
upon LTX-2.x's architecture; and (iii) any modified or
extended versions of the Complementary Materials.
1.6 "Entity" means any individual, corporation, partnership,
limited liability company, or other legal entity. For purposes
of this Agreement, an Entity shall be deemed to include, on an
aggregative basis, all subsidiaries, affiliates, and other
companies under common Control with such Entity. When
determining whether an Entity meets any threshold under this
Agreement (including revenue thresholds in Section 2.1), all
subsidiaries, affiliates, and companies under common Control
shall be considered collectively.
1.7 "Harm" includes but is not limited to physical, mental,
psychological, financial and reputational damage, pain, or
loss.
1.8 "Licensor" or "LTX" means the owner that is granting the
license under this Agreement. For the purposes of this
Agreement, the Licensor is Lightricks Ltd.
1.9 "LTX-2.x" means the large generative models,
text/image/video/audio/3D generation models, and multimodal
large language models and their software and algorithms,
including trained model weights, parameters (including
optimizer states), machine-learning model code,
inference-enabling code, training-enabling code, fine-tuning
enabling code, accompanying source code, scripts, and all
other elements of the foregoing distributed and made publicly
available by LTX (including, for example, at
https://github.com/Lightricks/LTX-2). This license is
applicable to all LTX-2.5 versions released since August 11,
2026, and all future releases of LTX-2.x under this license.
1.10 "Output" means the results of operating LTX-2.x as embodied
in informational content resulting therefrom.
1.11 "you" (or "your") means an individual or legal Entity
licensing LTX-2.x in accordance with this Agreement and/or
otherwise downloading, accessing, distributing or using
LTX-2.x for whichever purpose and in any field of use,
including usage of LTX-2.x in an end-use application - e.g.
chatbot, translator, image generator.
2. Grant of License.
2.1 Subject to your compliance with the terms and conditions of
this Agreement, you are granted a non-exclusive, worldwide,
non-transferable and royalty-free limited license under
Licensor's intellectual property or other rights owned by
Licensor embodied in LTX-2.x to use, reproduce, prepare,
distribute, publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense,
copy, create derivative works of, and make modifications to
LTX-2.x, for any purpose, subject to the restrictions set
forth in Attachment A; provided however, that Entities with
annual revenues of at least $10,000,000 (the "Commercial
Entities") are required to obtain a paid license for any use
(excluding use solely for a Non-Commercial Purpose as set
forth in Section 2.2) of LTX-2.x and Derivatives of LTX-2.x
(such paid license referred to herein as a "Commercial Use
Agreement"), as will be provided by the Licensor. Commercial
Entities interested in such a commercial license are required
to contact Licensor (ltxv-licensing@lightricks.com). Any use
of LTX-2.x or Derivatives of LTX-2.x by Commercial Entities
not in accordance with this Agreement and/or the Commercial
Use Agreement is strictly prohibited and shall be deemed a
material breach of this Agreement. In the event of such
material breach, and without limiting Licensor's right to
terminate the Agreement or to pursue any other remedies
available at law or in equity, you shall pay Licensor the
license fees owed for the period such Commercial Entity used
LTX-2.x (calculated at Licensor's standard commercial license
fees, in effect during the relevant period or, absent
published standard fees, a reasonable market rate for a
comparable license), within thirty (30) days of Licensor's
written demand.
2.2 Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary in
this Agreement, a Commercial Entity may download and use
LTX-2.x and Derivatives of LTX-2.x without obtaining the
Commercial Use Agreement solely for a Non-Commercial Purpose.
"Non-Commercial Purpose" means any of the following uses, but
only so far as such Commercial Entity does not receive any
direct or indirect payment arising from the use of LTX-2.x or
Derivatives of LTX-2.x: (i) use by an individual acting in a
personal capacity for research, experimentation, learning,
private study, hobby or recreational projects, or personal
entertainment, in each case where such use is not connected,
directly or indirectly, to any commercial activity, business
operation, or the performance of duties for an employer or any
other Entity; and (ii) use by a Commercial Entity for testing,
evaluation, or non-commercial research and development in a
non-production or development environment. For clarity, use
(a) for revenue-generating activity in any manner, whether
direct or indirect, (b) in direct interactions with or that
has impact on end users, or (c) to train, fine-tune, or
distill any model (including any Derivative of LTX-2.x) for
commercial use, in each case, is not a Non-Commercial Purpose
and requires all Commercial Entities to obtain a paid license
under the Commercial Use Agreement prior to such use. For the
avoidance of doubt, the permission granted under this Section
2.2 is a limited right of use only and does not convey or
transfer any ownership right, title, or interest in or to
LTX-2.x or any Derivatives of LTX-2.x, and all Derivatives of
LTX-2.x created or used pursuant to this Section 2.2 remain
subject to the terms of this Agreement, including Section 1.5.
3. Distribution and Redistribution. You may host for third parties
remote access purposes (e.g. software-as-a-service), reproduce and
distribute copies of LTX-2.x or Derivatives of LTX-2.x thereof in
any medium, with or without modifications, provided that you meet
the following conditions:
3.1 Use-based restrictions as referenced in Section 4 and all
provisions of Attachment A MUST be included as an enforceable
provision by you in any type of legal agreement (e.g. a
license) governing the use and/or distribution of LTX-2.x or
Derivatives of LTX-2.x, and you shall give notice to
subsequent users you distribute to, that LTX-2.x or
Derivatives of LTX-2.x are subject to Section 4 and Attachment
A in their entirety, including all use restrictions and
acceptable use policies;
3.2 You must provide any third-party recipients of LTX-2.x or
Derivatives of LTX-2.x a copy of this Agreement, including all
attachments and use policies. Any Derivative of LTX-2.x (as
defined in Section 1.5, including but not limited to
fine-tuned weights, modified training code, models trained on
Outputs, or any other derivative) must be distributed
exclusively under the terms of this Agreement, subject to
Section 3.6, with a complete copy of this Agreement included;
3.3 You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices
stating that you changed the files;
3.4 You must retain all copyright, patent, trademark, and
attribution notices excluding those notices that do not
pertain to any part of LTX-2.x, Derivatives of LTX-2.x.
3.5 Transfer of Derivatives. No transfer of any Derivative of
LTX-2.x (including any fine-tuned weights, LoRA adapters, or
similar adaptations) to a third party shall grant such third
party any right, title, license, or authorization to access,
use, reproduce, distribute, or exploit LTX-2.x, or any
Derivative of LTX-2.x beyond the rights granted under this
Agreement. If the transferee is a Commercial Entity (as
defined in Section 2), it must obtain a paid license from
Licensor prior to any use of any Derivative of LTX-2.x,
regardless of who created such Derivative. Prior to or at the
time of any such transfer, you shall notify the transferee in
writing that (i) use of such Derivative of LTX-2.x is subject
to the terms of this Agreement, and (ii) if the transferee is
a Commercial Entity, it must obtain a separate paid license to
LTX-2.x from Licensor. You shall not transfer any Derivative
of LTX-2.x to a Commercial Entity unless such Commercial
Entity has obtained the required paid license from Licensor
prior to any use, and unless the proposed transferee has been
so informed. You and the transferee shall each be responsible
for ensuring the transferee obtains the required license from
Licensor prior to any use of LTX-2.x or Derivative of LTX-2.x.
Nothing in this Section 3.5 shall require a Commercial Entity
to obtain a paid license for use solely for a Non-Commercial
Purpose as permitted under Section 2.2.
3.6 You may add your own copyright statement to your modifications
and may provide additional license terms and conditions -
respecting Section 3.1 - for use, reproduction, or
distribution of your modifications, or for any such
Derivatives of LTX-2.x as a whole, provided your use,
reproduction, and distribution of LTX-2.x otherwise complies
with the conditions stated in this Agreement, and you provide
a complete copy of this Agreement with any such use,
reproduction and distribution of LTX-2.x and any Derivatives
thereof; provided that any such additional terms shall be
additive only and shall not derogate from, conflict with,
waive, or purport to modify any term of this Agreement, and
this Agreement shall govern in the event of any conflict.
4. Use-based restrictions. The restrictions set forth in Attachment A
are considered Use-based restrictions. Therefore, you cannot use
LTX-2.x and the Derivatives of LTX-2.x in violation of the
specified restricted uses. You may use LTX-2.x subject to this
Agreement, only for lawful purposes and in accordance with the
Agreement. "Use" may include creating any content with,
fine-tuning, updating, running, training, evaluating and/or
re-parametrizing LTX-2.x. You shall require all of your users who
use LTX-2.x or a Derivative of LTX-2.x to comply with the terms of
this Section 4.
5. The Output You Generate. Except as set forth herein, Licensor
claims no rights in the Output you generate using LTX-2.x. You are
accountable for input you insert into LTX-2.x, the Output you
generate and its subsequent uses. No use of the Output can
contravene any provision as stated in the Agreement.
6. Updates and Runtime Restrictions; AI Regulations. To the maximum
extent permitted by law, Licensor reserves the right to restrict
(remotely or otherwise) usage of LTX-2.x in violation of this
Agreement, update LTX-2.x through electronic means, or modify the
Output of LTX-2.x based on updates. You shall undertake reasonable
efforts to use the latest version of LTX-2.x. Any use of the
non-current version of LTX-2.x is done solely at your risk. To the
extent applicable to you, you shall comply with all laws and
regulations governing artificial intelligence that apply to your
use, deployment, or distribution of LTX-2.x, Derivatives of
LTX-2.x, or Outputs, including Regulation (EU) 2024/1689 (the "EU
AI Act") and the California AI Transparency Act (Cal. Bus. & Prof.
Code § 22757 et seq.), each as amended from time to time and any
other applicable laws, regulations, or binding guidance relating
to artificial intelligence, transparency, content provenance, or
synthetic media, together with any documentation made available by
Licensor regarding compliance with the same (collectively, "AI
Regulations"). You shall maintain (including within any
application or service through which LTX-2.x, any Derivative of
LTX-2.x, or any Output is made available), and shall not remove,
disable, alter, or circumvent, any safety or security measures,
disclosures, metadata, watermarking, content provenance, latent
disclosure, or other transparency features or functionalities
included or embedded within LTX-2.x or any Derivative of LTX-2.x,
or applied to any Output, in furtherance of AI Regulations,
including any capability of LTX-2.x to include latent disclosures
in Outputs, and you shall include equivalent obligations in any
agreement governing your distribution of LTX-2.x or any Derivative
of LTX-2.x. You are solely responsible for any transparency,
disclosure, marking, or labeling obligations applicable to you
under AI Regulations as a provider or deployer of LTX-2.x, any
Derivative of LTX-2.x, or any system incorporating any of the
foregoing, including any obligation to disclose that content is
artificially generated or manipulated. If Licensor knows or
reasonably believes that you have modified LTX-2.x or any
Derivative of LTX-2.x such that it is no longer capable of
including any disclosure required by AI Regulations in Outputs, or
that you have otherwise removed, disabled, or circumvented any
feature or functionality described in this Section, Licensor may
in its sole discretion revoke the license granted under this
Agreement effective immediately upon notice to you, and upon such
revocation you shall immediately cease all use of LTX-2.x and
Derivatives of LTX-2.x. Licensor makes no representation or
warranty that LTX-2.x, any Derivative of LTX-2.x, or any Output
complies with any AI Regulations applicable to your specific use
case or deployment, and you are solely responsible for determining
the applicability of, and ensuring your compliance with, all AI
Regulations. You shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless
Licensor and its affiliates from and against any and all claims,
liabilities, losses, damages, costs, and expenses (including
reasonable attorneys' fees) arising out of or relating to your
use, deployment, distribution, or modification of LTX-2.x, any
Derivative of LTX-2.x, or any Output in violation of, or your
other failure to comply with, any AI Regulations.
For purposes of the EU AI Act, Licensor makes LTX-2.x openly
available under this community license and intends that LTX-2.x be
treated as a free and open-source general purpose AI model within
the meaning of Article 53(2) of the EU AI Act. You acknowledge and
agree that (a) to the extent the free and open source derogations
under Article 53(2) of the EU AI Act apply, Licensor's obligations
under the EU AI Act with respect to LTX-2.x are limited to those
applicable to providers of free and open source general purpose AI
models (it being acknowledged that such derogations do not extend
to the obligations under Article 53(1)(c) and (d)), (b) you
acknowledge that LTX-2.x is not intended to be integrated into a
high risk AI system, and shall be fully and solely responsible for
any obligation resulting from such integration, (c) if you
integrate LTX-2.x or any Derivative of LTX-2.x into a high-risk AI
system you shall be solely responsible for all provider
obligations that would otherwise apply to Licensor under the EU AI
Act, and (d) you shall not take any action, or omit to take any
action, that would cause Licensor to lose the benefit of the free
and open source derogations under the EU AI Act, and you shall
indemnify and hold Licensor harmless from any liability, costs, or
expenses arising from your breach of this Section.
7. Export Controls and Sanctions Compliance. You acknowledge that
LTX-2.x, Derivatives of LTX-2.x may be subject to export control
laws and regulations, including but not limited to the U.S. Export
Administration Regulations and sanctions programs administered by
the Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC). You represent and
warrant that you and any users of LTX-2.x are not (i) located in,
organized under the laws of, or ordinarily resident in any country
or territory subject to comprehensive sanctions; (ii) identified
on any U.S. government restricted party list, including the
Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List; or (iii)
otherwise prohibited from receiving LTX-2.x under applicable law.
You shall not export, re-export, or transfer LTX-2.x, directly or
indirectly, in violation of any applicable export control or
sanctions laws or regulations. You agree to comply with all
applicable trade control laws and shall indemnify and hold
Licensor harmless from any claims arising from your failure to
comply with such laws.
8. Trademarks; Reservation of Rights. Nothing in this Agreement
permits you to make use of Licensor's trademarks, trade names,
logos or to otherwise suggest endorsement or misrepresent the
relationship between the parties; and any rights not expressly
granted herein are reserved by the Licensor. Except as expressly
set forth in this Agreement, Licensor does not grant, directly or
by implication, estoppel, statute or otherwise, any right or
license in its, or its affiliates', intellectual property rights
or other proprietary rights. For avoidance of doubt, all
intellectual property rights in Derivatives of LTX-2.x shall be
subject to the terms of this Agreement, and you acquire no right,
title, or interest in or to LTX-2.x itself, which is and remains
the exclusive property of Licensor. You shall not assert any
ownership or other right in LTX-2.x or any Derivative of LTX-2.x
in any manner that restricts, encumbers, or is inconsistent with
the rights retained by Licensor or granted to other licensees
under this Agreement.
9. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or
agreed to in writing, Licensor provides LTX-2.x on an "AS IS"
BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either
express or implied, including, without limitation, any warranties
or conditions of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for
determining the appropriateness of using or redistributing LTX-2.x
and Derivatives of LTX-2.x and assume any risks associated with
your exercise of permissions under this Agreement.
10. Limitation of Liability. To the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law, in no event and under no legal theory, whether in
tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise, unless
required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly
negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall Licensor be liable
to you or any other individual or Entity for damages, including
any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential
damages of any character arising as a result of this Agreement or
out of the use of, or inability to use LTX-2.x or any Derivative
of LTX-2.x (including but not limited to damages for loss of
goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any
and all other commercial damages or losses), even if Licensor has
been advised of the possibility of such damages.
11. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing
LTX-2.x and Derivatives of LTX-2.x, you may, provided you do not
violate the terms of this Agreement, choose to offer and charge a
fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity, or other
liability obligations. However, in accepting such obligations,
you may act only on your own behalf and on your sole
responsibility, not on behalf of Licensor, and only if you agree
to indemnify, defend, and hold Licensor harmless for any
liability incurred by, or claims asserted against Licensor, by
reason of your accepting any such warranty or additional
liability.
12. Governing Law. This Agreement and all relations, disputes, claims
and other matters arising hereunder (including non-contractual
disputes or claims) will be governed exclusively by, and
construed exclusively in accordance with, the laws of the State
of New York and applicable U.S. federal law. To the extent
permitted by law, choice of laws rules and the United Nations
Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods will
not apply. The prevailing party in any claim or dispute between
the parties under this Agreement will be entitled to
reimbursement of its reasonable attorneys' fees and costs.
13. Term and Termination. This Agreement is effective upon your
acceptance and continues until terminated. Licensor may terminate
this Agreement immediately upon written notice to you if you
breach any provision of this Agreement, including but not limited
to violations of the use restrictions in Attachment A or
unauthorized commercial use. This Agreement also terminates
immediately and automatically, without notice, upon any material
breach of this Agreement, including any use in violation of
applicable AI Regulations or any unauthorized commercial use of
LTX-2.x or Derivatives of LTX-2.x by a Commercial Entity. Upon
termination: (a) all rights granted to you under this Agreement
will immediately cease; (b) you must immediately cease all use of
LTX-2.x and Derivatives of LTX-2.x; (c) you must delete or
destroy all copies of LTX-2.x and Derivatives of LTX-2.x in your
possession or control; and (d) you must notify any third parties
to whom you distributed LTX-2.x or Derivatives of LTX-2.x of the
termination. Sections 2, 3, 4, 6-16 and Attachment A shall
survive termination of this Agreement. Termination does not
relieve you of any obligations incurred prior to termination,
including payment obligations under Section 2 and adhering to the
restrictions under Section 3. In addition, if You commence a
lawsuit or other proceedings (including a cross-claim or
counterclaim in a lawsuit) against Licensor or any person or
entity alleging that LTX-2.x or any Output, or any portion of any
of the foregoing, infringe any intellectual property or other
right owned or licensable by you, then all licenses granted to
you under this Agreement shall terminate as of the date such
lawsuit or other proceeding is filed.
14. Disputes and Arbitration; Waiver of Jury Trial; Class Action
Waiver. IF YOU ARE NOT ACTING AS A CONSUMER UNDER APPLICABLE LAW,
YOU HEREBY WAIVE THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY, TO PARTICIPATE IN
A CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION (INCLUDING IN ARBITRATION), OR
TO COMBINE INDIVIDUAL PROCEEDINGS IN COURT OR IN ARBITRATION
WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF ALL PARTIES. All disputes arising in
connection with this Agreement shall be finally settled by
arbitration under the Rules of Arbitration of the International
Chamber of Commerce ("ICC Rules"), by one (1) arbitrator
appointed in accordance with the ICC Rules. The seat of
arbitration shall be New York, NY, USA, and the proceedings shall
be conducted in English. The arbitrator shall be empowered to
grant any relief that a court could grant. Judgment on the
arbitration award may be entered by any court having jurisdiction
thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may seek
injunctive or other equitable relief in respect of any actual or
threatened breach of the license restrictions under this
Agreement (including Attachment A and the Acceptable Use Policy)
or any actual or threatened infringement, misappropriation, or
violation of Licensor's intellectual property rights, in the
state or federal courts located in the County of New York, State
of New York, and each party irrevocably consents to the
jurisdiction of, and venue in, such courts for that limited
purpose. The foregoing waivers do not apply to, and are not
enforceable against, any licensee acting as a consumer under the
mandatory consumer-protection laws of its jurisdiction of
residence (including, without limitation, the European Union, the
United Kingdom, and the State of California), and nothing in this
Agreement limits any rights under such laws that cannot be waived
or limited by contract. If any waiver in this Section is held
invalid or unenforceable as to a particular licensee or dispute,
such waiver shall be severed to that extent only and shall not
affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of this
Section.
15. In the event of any exception to the application of binding
arbitration, all disputes, claims, and other matters arising
hereunder shall be brought exclusively in the state or federal
courts located in the County of New York, State of New York. You
waive all defenses of lack of personal jurisdiction and forum non
conveniens with respect to venue and jurisdiction in such courts,
and consent to their exclusive jurisdiction and venue.
16. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be
invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall
be unaffected thereby and remain valid as if such provision had
not been set forth herein.
END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Attachment A
Use Restrictions
When using the Outputs, LTX-2.x and any Derivatives thereof, you
agree to comply with the Acceptable Use Policy
(https://static.lightricks.com/legal/ltx-acceptable-use-policy.pdf)
which is hereby incorporated into and made part of this Agreement by
reference. Licensor may update it from time to time, and the version
in effect at the time of your use governs; continued use after an
update constitutes acceptance. Licensor shall post each version of
the Acceptable Use Policy with its effective date, and no update
shall apply retroactively to use occurring before that effective
date. In addition, you agree not to use the Outputs, LTX-2.x or its
Derivatives in any of the following ways:
1) In any way that violates any applicable national, federal,
state, local or international law or regulation;
2) For the purpose of exploiting, Harming or attempting to exploit
or Harm minors in any way;
3) Knowingly generate or disseminate verifiably false information
and/or content with the intent to deceive, defraud, or
otherwise unlawfully Harm others;
4) To generate or disseminate personal identifiable information
that can be used to Harm an individual;
5) To generate or disseminate information and/or content (e.g.
images, code, posts, articles), and place the information
and/or content in any context (e.g. bot generating tweets)
without expressly and intelligibly disclaiming that the
information and/or content is machine generated;
6) To defame others, or to engage in the unlawful harassment of
others;
7) To impersonate or attempt to impersonate (e.g. deepfakes)
others without their consent;
8) For fully automated decision making that adversely impacts an
individual's legal rights or otherwise creates or modifies a
binding, enforceable obligation;
9) For any use intended to or which has the effect of
discriminating against or Harming individuals or groups based
on online or offline social behavior or known or predicted
personal or personality characteristics;
10) To exploit any of the vulnerabilities of a specific group of
persons based on their age, social, physical or mental
characteristics, in order to materially distort the behavior
of a person pertaining to that group in a manner that causes
or is likely to cause that person or another person physical
or psychological Harm;
11) For any use intended to or which has the effect of
discriminating against individuals or groups based on legally
protected characteristics or categories;
12) To provide medical advice and medical results interpretation;
13) To generate or disseminate information for the purpose to be
used for administration of justice, law enforcement,
immigration or asylum processes, such as predicting an
individual will commit fraud/crime commitment (e.g. by text
profiling, drawing causal relationships between assertions
made in documents, indiscriminate and arbitrarily-targeted
use);
14) To generate and/or disseminate malware (including - but not
limited to - ransomware) or any other content to be used for
the purpose of harming electronic systems;
15) To engage in, promote, incite, or facilitate discrimination or
other unlawful or harmful conduct in the provision of
employment, employment benefits, credit, housing, or other
essential goods and services;
16) To engage in, promote, incite, or facilitate the harassment,
abuse, threatening, or bullying of individuals or groups of
individuals;
17) For military, warfare, nuclear industries or applications,
weapons development, or any use in connection with activities
that may cause death, personal injury, or severe physical or
environmental damage;
18) For commercial use only: To train, improve, or fine-tune any
other machine learning model, artificial intelligence system,
or competing model, except for Derivatives of LTX-2.x as
expressly permitted under this Agreement;
19) To circumvent, disable, or interfere with any technical
limitations, safety features, content filters, watermarking,
content provenance or latent disclosure functionalities, or
use restrictions implemented in LTX-2.x by Licensor;
20) To use LTX-2.x or Derivatives of LTX-2.x in any product,
service, or application that directly competes with Licensor's
commercial products or services, or is designed to replace or
substitute Licensor's offerings in the market, without
obtaining a separate commercial license from Licensor.